SEO: reword introduction paragraph into descriptions - Part 2 (#416)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/features/smart-forms.md

---
id: smart-forms
title: Smart Forms

> description: Front-Commerce has a built-in implementation agnostic Smart Form fields/hooks feature. Smart Form help users while they are filling a form. They provide smart suggestions based on their input and can validate or homogeneously format the data. This guide explains how to use the feature in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Front-Commerce has a built-in implementation agnostic Smart Form fields/hooks feature. Smart Form helps users while they are filling out a form. They provide smart suggestions based on their input and can validate or homogeneously format the data. This guide explains how to use the feature in your application.
```
